chore(ci): add end to end testing mechanism (#1247)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: MAINTAINERS.md

Some examples using our initial and new RFC templates: #92, #94, #95, #991, #1226

> ### Run end to end tests on merges to Develop branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run end to end tests
```

In order to run end to end tests you need to install CDK CLI first and bootstrap your account with `cdk bootstrap` command. For additional details follow [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html).

You can run tests either from your local machine's shell by exporting `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable and running `make e2e tests`. 

> You may also do this directly from GitHub Console. Run the [run-e2e-tests workflow](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python/actions/workflows/run-e2e-tests.yml) and pick the branch you want to run tests against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run locally, export `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable and run `make e2e tests`. To run from GitHub Actions, use [run-e2e-tests workflow](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python/actions/workflows/run-e2e-tests.yml) and pick the branch you want to run tests against.

**NOTE**: E2E tests are run as part of each merge to `develop` branch.
```

nitpick to make it more direct.

> **Q: What if there's an error?**

> To be agreed

Reviewer: Let's move this into its own section, like `Releasing a documentation hotfix`. We should be running end-to-end tests upon merges automatically (separate PR to avoid fatigue). Maintainers can do extra due diligence in running before a release if they'd like. 

This gives us two benefits:

* Room to make E2E tests run as part of each release automatically too in the future
* Maintainers to focus on drafting a good and intentionally informative release (e.g., release notes, etc.)

> To be agreed

Reviewer: we can remove this now.

Author: removed

### Releasing a new version

> TODO: This is an area we want to increase automation while keeping communication at human level.

Firstly, make sure you are using the `develop` branch and it is up to date with the origin.

> There are four main steps to release a new version: Changelog generation, version bumping, and drafting release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three main steps to release a new version: Changelog generation, version bumping, and drafting release notes.
```

Returning it. In the near future, we'll be moving to a single step: `drafting release notes`.

Firstly, make sure you are using the `develop` branch and it is up to date with the origin.

There are four main steps to release a new version: Run end to end tests, Changelog generation, version bumping, and drafting release notes.

#### Run end to end tests

> 

Author: Added  sentence about prerequisites in E2E section

> 

Reviewer 2: what about adding a e2e-prereq in Makefile to install all prereqs?

> 

Author: The only thing to install is CDK CLI. I don't want to install it through our makefile as we don't control nodejs  environment of the user, including package manager (npm/yarn/pnpm) so I cannot reliably pick one without enforcing additional convention.

You can run tests either from your local machine's shell by exporting `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable and running `make e2e tests`. 

> You may also do this directly from GitHub Console. Go to actions tab and choose `run-e2e-tests` workflow from workflow's list. Pick the branch and run tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also do this directly from GitHub Console. Run the [run-e2e-tests workflow](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python/actions/workflows/run-e2e-tests.yml) and pick the branch you want to run tests against.
```

Tip: GH now supports deep linking a given Actions workflow :)
